The other thing we've learned is you
can't have a crappy sales team because
we need the help. And I can tell you
there's at least two leading vendors
that we said no to, not because the
software is not good enough, but because
the sales team fought us. They didn't
know the product. And this is always
true in the old days. But when you're
talking about an app with training and
deployment, a new category, and the rep
fights you,
no, like you, I want to know how I'm
going to get this deployed. And so just
if this is you, listen to the sales
calls. Get momentum or attention hooked
up. Be relentless and just get rid of
anybody that is not an asset to your
prospects because they will just leave
for AI. They'll just leave if they
answer can't help you, can't answer the
questions wrong, or fight with you.
[Music]
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody, if you're serious about
B2B and AI, if you want to know how to
deploy AI SDRs, how to get AI to qualify
leads to your site, how to use AI to
manage your RevOps, how to use AI and
GDM, you have to be in London this
December 2nd and 3rd with us. Saster AI
London is bringing together more than
2,000 leaders and founders for 2 days of
practical advice on scaling with AI into
the new year. That's all we're doing
this year. How to use AI to grow faster
and how to make this stuff actually work
at your startup and your company. We'll
have speakers flying in from around the
world from OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom,
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly and Harry Stebins
for a live 20BC and Saster podcast.
It'll be fun all right in the heart of
Saster London with me and the entire
Saster team. You got to be there. So,
get your tickets with my exclusive
discount by going to
podcast.slondon.com.
That's podcast.slondon.
sasterlondon.com.
See you there.
[Music]
So, welcome everybody. We're going to do
something uh that a lot of folks have
asked for, which is a bit of a deep dive
on what we're doing, how we're using AI
at Saster. We've chatted a lot about it.
We've got, as Ameilia will show you,
we've got about 11 core agents we use
and about 20 total. But we're going to
do a deep dive into like the six that we
use the most and the six that are
probably most interesting to you guys.
Core AI agents that we use every day,
how they work and show you show you the
actual data.
I can give you a little bit of an
overview, but then Amelia can dive in on
on most of them and then I'll help most
of them we've bought and we'll show you
who we've bought or what commercial apps
we use, which is our recommendation and
then we've actually built some ourselves
on Replet and we'll we can dive into
that. The biggest takeaway I can tell
you, I don't know if we put it in this
deck. The biggest takeaway is um there's
a lot of vendors there, but on two of
the ones we use, Artisan for outbound
and qualified for inbound of all their
customers, this is the most important
thing. We're the number one vendor,
number one results. Ameilia will show
you that, but the most important thing
is going really, really deep with AI
agents. There's no set and forget, no
matter what anybody tells you in 2025,
maybe in 2026. Uh but there's there's no
set and forget.
This is our little journey and hopefully
you'll be on the same journey just
timeshifted but we came into the
beginning of this year basically using
no AI at Sasser other than Chat GBT and
Claude. I I could be wrong using
nothing.
And the first thing we adopted which
some of you guys have seen is we use an
app called Deli to do an AI agent on
Saster. We've done over 100,000
conversations.
At first we we just used that right
going into SAS annual this year and we
used it for everything. We used it for a
little bit of sales, a little bit of
marketing, a little bit of support. It's
really just designed and we we'll go
over it to be a digital mind, a digital
version of me.
But what we quickly instantly saw was
just having it was so much better than
nothing. It was so much better than
nothing. Um a general well-trained tool
is better than nothing. We then we
started adding marketing tools. We added
Gamma and Higsfield we'll talk about and
then we added our GTM tools like Artisan
and Qualified Momentum and others and
we'll dig into it and ultimately
the the journey we're on we've gone from
zero agents at the end of the year to
about 20 today and nine core ones. This
should be you. And if you haven't
started, it's okay. But it won't be okay
soon.
But you can do it. And as you see, our
adoption has just skyrocketed. And
frankly, as we've lost agencies or
resources on our tiny internal team,
we've just we've done what everyone on
the internet says, which is replace them
with AI. And it's not without
challenges. It's a higher load on me and
Amelia because we have to manage these
agents. We don't have I mean, Amelia's
title has changed SUV and GM to chief AI
officer. It's not a joke because that's
probably what she spends 30% of her time
on is managing these agents. It's not
free from a soft go perspective, but
it's radically different. So, we'll go
through we'll go through what we've
done.
We can go through the next ones just
briefly and then dig in. Here's just one
for fun for guys. The the we we I just
did the one of our timeline nothing to
20 and 9 months. This is I mean this is
a a a night and day. We have a SAS
university where I built a bunch of
courses. They're free if you want to try
them. SASU.com. They're still good. I'm
redoing them
in the AI age, but I went to ask a
question about it, a reply in a day,
and I went around a lot of websites and
a lot of them are terrible in terms of
AI interaction. And again, on the right
is our Deli agent. The first one, it's
not specialized. It is not specialized
for sales. We've taken it off for sales
and tickets and sponsors that we'll show
you. We've we've put it in the buckets
and the parts of Saster that are
general, but man, waiting a day to get
my question versus here, I just asked
them 5 minutes ago, when is Saster
annual? Who are the sponsors? It just
tells you everything. There's no excuse
to not have extremely high quality
customer interactions instantly through
AI in 2025. There's just no excuse. And
we'll we'll go through our we'll go
through our stack there.
So, just for fun, if this is anywhere in
your product, just company, just like
end it this week.
Just start
And maybe the next one and then I'll let
Amelia drive. We do have depending on
you count about 20 agents. We'll go
through it.
You know, our organization is tiny, but
you know, Sasser does do eight figures
in revenue with a tiny team. So, it's
interesting to track us because we have
a singledigit amount of headcount doing
eight figures of revenue. That's fairly
extreme. It's not unique to us, but it
means we really push the the model here.
But pretty much every single thing you
can do with an agent we are doing
roughly you could you could kind of see
it on the slide before roughly we try to
try something new about every two weeks.
Would you say that's right Ailia?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We're talking about we try to come
up with a new agent idea each week and
try one every two weeks and then one and
a half per month is about all our or can
tolerate because it's just too much to
process change even today.
But that's this is kind of the stack
we've built up.
We do have a lot of AI apps, but a lot
of folks ask what our stack is. And this
may be different in 90 days. It probably
will be because Amelia did a version of
this 45 days ago or something. Our app,
our agent had already done 8,000
customer interactions. The stack's
already somewhat different and it may be
different later, but we'll go through
it. We use an app called Artisan. We
actually use three instances of it for
AISDR. A will show you. We use we just
rolled out qualified as BDR on our
website to manage inbound and it's
already had a pretty strong impact.
We've used gamma almost since inception
to automate sales collateral so that
it's all dynamic so it's not the same
old frigin deck that gets out of date
and is embarrassing. Um we love it. Um
we talked about Deli as a general tool.
Um we've added AI revops. I've blogged
and talked about it. We've added both
momentum and attention. They're both
great. Ameilia will show you why. And
then we've built some stuff ourselves
and um we'll we'll briefly touch on it.
We could do a different session if
you've followed me on Twitter. Probably
seen a lot about our journey with
Replet. But notwithstanding some bumps
in the beginning, it's been pretty
successful and we've rolled out about
five apps ourselves.
The main learning is only do this if you
can't buy it from 99% of you. Like it's
cool, but we did this for content review
and other things and we'll show you
where there is no off-the-shelf app. But
but don't roll your own. Buy buy don't
build, right? Use for for B2B stuff for
there's a lot of cool things you can
vibe with Replet and lovable and others.
Try it. We can do a whole another
session on it in the coming weeks. But
if you can buy something that's
bulletproof, don't build it. Don't
believe the hype. But most important,
none of these names are as important as
putting in the reps and the work. And
Amelia will show you the actual date in
a second. These are all great apps. We
stand behind them. We recommend them
for sure. But you could pick another
two. The most important thing is
training them deeply and doing it
every day. So many of the AI failures
from, you know, late 2024 into early 25
that you'll see all over social media
are just folks that bought something and
never trained it or they bought
something and hired a mediocre agency
that did nothing. You've got to train
these. You've got and you've got to do
it every day. And not only does it take
weeks and Ameilia, when you touch on
some of these, you can talk about our
training. We're pretty good at it cuz
they're tiny. Everything is weeks of
training, ingestion, and training. And
then every single day we're in these
apps monitoring the outputs, monitoring
the interactions, monitoring the
discussions, and fixing things that is
off and is wrong. And if you don't
commit to that, you're going to have
extremely mediocre outputs. Just like
any, frankly, just like any other tool
you buy, if you don't put in the effort,
you're not going to get much out of it.
So many of the failures for AI agents,
if you really peel back the layer of the
onion, just someone on the team did it
and there was no proper training or
there was no data to ingest, a
combination of the two. So that's far
more important than which vendor to use,
but we'll show you we'll show you what
we use and and maybe with that you could
you could transition into SDR and BDRs.
>> Okay. The first one we'll go through is
our AI STR. So for all intents and
purposes, what it does is we use it as
warm outbound. We did a full deep dive
on how to do AI specifically and use
agents for sales like Jason said in
July. That one is still very relevant
though. So if you haven't watched that
full one, that is a full law deep dive.
So we'll touch on a few like most recent
learnings just cuz now we've had it
fully deployed for 100 days or so. So
how we've used it in our use case is we
use it as a warm outbound agent. So I
have trained it on three different use
cases which you'll see here which I'll
walk you guys through to do outbound in
different ways. So the way that this is
helpful or why you might think about
using an ARS agent with some of our data
is because it can do hyperpersonalized
emails and scales. So in the last 100
days it's done about 15,000 messages.
I've put a screenshot on the right of
one that it's sent out to a prospect
here to buy tickets. So this is from our
direct ticket sales agent specifically.
And you can see it's pretty good, right?
It's talking about what they do. And
this is part of the training we did with
the AI agent is a lot of how we set it
up initially between ourselves and
artisan was to say we want every email
to try and add value to whatever
audience it is. So if it's our
sponsorship agent, if it's our direct
ticket sales agent or a B or a VIP, it
also looks at what they're doing on the
website. It looks at what they're doing
personally and we've basically set the
slider like all the way up on, you know,
customize more on them versus on Zaster.
So, this is part of the hack of like we
try and make it as much about them and
less about us as possible. When I've
talked to other folks who have an AIR,
they have similar use cases, but they're
seeing success. The more you can make it
about them and adding value to them, the
better results you're going to see.
And Amelia, how do we um I should know
this for both sponsors and attendees?
How do we pull in historical data? Do we
pull it in from Salesforce and
Marquetto? And how does that integrate
with outbound messaging?
>> Yeah, great question. So, there's a
couple ways you can do it. You can pull
in from automatic signals. So, you can
do like a search of, hey, who's talking
about SAS? Who's interacting with SAS
over your company? How we've done it or
how I've done it is I do a direct pull
from either Marquetto or Salesforce.
I'll combine it manually. So on the back
end that does take some time and then
you can do a straight up upload to
Artisan. So the most successful
campaigns we've had are the ones that
have been straight up uploads of our
data and then what it will do from there
it does take some time. So this is an
interesting part too like the first time
you set up anything like an artisan. So
any AISR, they're all going to tell you
it needs two to 3 weeks to warm up.
That's common. So keep that in mind. I
don't know if we touched on that last
time, but they all need time to warm up.
And basically, they all need that time
to warm up your mailboxes. So all of
these are going to you don't want it to
use your primary email. You don't want
it to use a millionaster.com. You want
it to use a million gets a million
tries.com. So every AISDR platform I've
talked to needs this twoe warm up. So
that's part of it. It's going to spend
time just warming up those domains and
mailboxes for you. Then if you do
something like a CSV upload, as we've
done numerous times, it will take
another day or two to ingest all those
contacts. So again, if you're starting
from scratch, this is already probably
like week three in the journey
to do that because it's going to take
time to basically find those people and
use all the data signals I uploaded to
make sure it identifies the right
person. So it's going to find their
LinkedIn. It's going to look at their
email. It's going to check the
deliverability of their email. It's
going to look at their company signals.
So it'll start to generate those
messages. You can read through the
messages, make sure it's the right
person, make sure it's the right thing
you want to say, and then you can
automate the send from there.
And just two questions, one tactical one
on the data. So it cues them up before
it sends in the beginning. What percent
and how many messages did you read
manually before you let the AI
do it? Mostly automated.
>> In the beginning, I read all the
messages. So it was, you know, hundreds
and then thousands. Like I wouldn't
start with a huge list the first time
you do this. I think I started with a
list of like 600. That's a good mix cuz
it's not going to find everyone. the
match rate is fairly high, but it's not
going to find everyone. So, by the time
it does that and identifies the right
people, yeah, I did about 600. And then
in the beginning, I would read cuz you
can set the agent to say how many
messages do I want to do? So, for us
historically, we always knew like if we
wanted to email somebody to come to
Zaster,
an email from me or a human SDR would
take about three actual human touches.
And so we duplicated that in Art and
Artisan and said, "Okay, three touches
in email and then one LinkedIn message
to the person." And so your outbox would
then have four messages per person. So
600* 4, you're looking at,200 messages.
I would read all of them in the early
days. Now I just spot check.
>> In the beginning, you probably read the
first thousand emails yourself, but now
every day you're still spot checking for
20 or 30 minutes per day probably,
right?
>> Exactly. Yeah, I spot check 20 30
minutes today of what is going out and
then I also spend probably more time now
on the replies of like how are people
replying to our artisan emails? Is this
what we want? How do we want to respond
to them? That piece is a bit more
manual. Now, you can turn it on so it's
like automated in responses, but I still
like the human responses. I feel like
they're still a bit better.
>> Okay, one last question. I don't want to
spend all of our time on artisan, but
this is helpful.
the um so for I mean we've had probably
50,000 people over a decade come to our
SAS events in one form or another and we
have hundreds of lap sponsors right
maybe 150
>> when you're how do you and that gets
added to the text of the AISDR are you
do you ma are you manually creating xls
files and manually uploading to artisan
and how do you how does that whole
workflow use for lapsed or reactivation
so that the email comes out great out of
that process
I will actually show you guys the back
end for one second. I think it'll be
helpful.
Okay. So, you can see here some of what
I'm talking about, right? Like how many
messages it's already sent in September,
right? So, again, I didn't read all
thousand in the early days. I would have
read all thousand whatever. Um, now I'm
just spot-ecking
honestly mostly because sometimes we
because we don't have speakers for
London. Sometimes it will like pull
speakers or speakers from annuals. I'm
mostly checking that it didn't like
hallucinate any speakers for London.
But again, part of that is human error.
Like I just haven't trained the AI yet
on our current speakers for London
because we haven't publicly announced
them.
>> Okay.
>> It's got 207 messages in the queue. And
then yeah, to your question here of like
the inbox and the outbox, I spend most
of my time now in the inbox. So this is
where I can see who's engaged with us. I
can see what it's sent. You can see if
it's LinkedIn or email. You can see I
stored some of these. These are ones I
want to like go back to. And then you
can go to the pending messages here.
This will be all of our scheduled
messages at the moment. So right now
there's 200 in this at any given time.
But then to your question of how this
works with like reaching out to like
lapsed returned customers and making
sure
>> So sorry, you've got 200 folks that have
responded to RAI that have a question.
>> We've got more. So that's a pretty high
just for folks. That's a pretty high
response rate.
Yeah, I mean I do think we have
>> our response rate here
>> total. It's a pretty high, right? So
like this one's 7%, that one's high,
>> 5%, you know, Jeffrey Arzen who's a CEO
has said like average is like two to
four. So
>> as well and the 7% is you're trying to
get folks to come back disaster. That's
probably who this batch is, right? Like
that batch. But if the email's actually,
you know, people saying that email's
dead or stuff, if it's actually good,
if it's adding value, helping them,
7.14% is pretty good for an AI.
>> Pretty good.
>> Yeah.
>> Pretty good, right?
>> Pretty good.
>> Yeah.
>> And again, this is still in addition to
the marketing emails we do. So, it's not
that we've stopped the marketing emails
that come from Marquetto and are fully
designed and are still inviting you back
to Sasker. We still do those, too. It's
just that you're getting those
>> maybe two or three times a month and
then now you're also getting a sequence
where you're getting a highly
personalized invite from me also to
London. So it does help reinforce the
fact as well.
>> Yep. Cool.
>> And then yeah to your point on like how
do we make sure it's the right person?
That's where I go into the inbox, right?
And you can check with the messages of
what it's sending, making sure it's the
right person. You can change it at any
point if you're like, "Okay, I want to
say something specific to this person
because I actually know them and I've
worked with them a little bit more." You
can customize it. And then the other
thing you can do is you can upload a do
not send list. So how we've used it is
once we do have people who sign on. So
if you if you want to drive new
customers through this, once you get
that new customer, so you can upload
them to a list and say stop emailing
that entire company.
>> But it can't today and then maybe it
can't. Doesn't sound like today it
autoingests
our Salesforce or Marquetto or other
data in the same way that like Deli
autoingest our website, right?
>> Not today it takes training. So I'll go
into one of our campaign here.
>> Yeah,
>> I'll pick you just pick this attendee
one. So this is our ticket agent, right?
And this is the one that sells more
directly because again I' I've empowered
the AI to do more responses than I have
for our sponsorships. This is pretty
easy, right? If you say you want to come
back disaster, the AI gives you a code.
You don't really need me for that. It's
fairly low overhead, low risk, right?
The ACV on a ticket to London is like
300 bucks. So, I've let it go a little
bit more hog on this than others. But,
yeah, you can say, you know, here's the
lead. You can see I did a CSV. You can
see it's already done 400 out of 800.
You know, don't contact people much like
our like a Marquetto or a Salesforce or
a sales loft. You can say if they're in
other sequences or campaigns, you know,
don't contact them. Like we only want to
do one. The pitch is where you can tune
it, right? So this is where I spend a
lot of time saying, okay, this is the
offering. Here are the pain points. This
is where I put in like the speakers. And
you can just keep adding to this. So it
won't do it automatically today. I do
know Jasper from Artisan says that's
coming by end of year, but right now you
just put it in yourself. You know, pick
the best pain points and prove points. I
continuously update this, you know, use
Sasser London in the subject line.
People know Saster, so it's good to put
the brand into the beginning, break it
up. You know, I' I've put in different
things here as we've kind of gone along.
Be excited that this Yeah, the AI
doesn't have emotions. You get to tell
it to get excited. This is an event in
London.
For us, I always put like dates and
locations cuz for events, if you again,
if you don't specifically tell the AI,
sometimes it can make it up generally.
So that's where I put that there. So
that's where I do a lot of the tuning.
Now again, somewhat manually. It does
crawl like when you put in your website,
it will generate some of this. I rewrote
a lot of it just cuz it was better.
But you can you can tell it to do that.
And then I know Yeah. by end of year
it'll automatically do a lot of what I'm
doing now.
>> Cool.
There's a lot of great vendors out
there. We're not saying these are the
best vendors. We are saying they work
for us when they're trained. That's what
we're saying for what you'll find. There
are some apps that you could deploy on
your own, right, with in few minutes.
And there are some apps if you have
engineering resources, you could
probably deploy on your own. We don't we
don't have a lot of time at Saster. We
have a lot to do with the small team. We
don't have any engineers. So, we need
tools
>> and we have a lot of data. Okay? We have
more data than almost. We have a decade
of data. So there's like some sort of
3x3 matrix where we need tools that can
support a lot of data that don't require
engineers where the vendor will get us
onboarded. And so to be honest, no one
we've talked about yet. There are other
vendors who wanted to work with SAS and
they fought with us or they wouldn't
help us or they wouldn't, you know, they
said they couldn't ingest the amount of
data we have or they didn't want to do
with their app what we wanted to do. So,
first try to figure out who's using
what, which is probably why a lot of you
here, but then use your spider sense
when you talk to them. Do they work the
way we want to work? Like for example,
at Clay, there's a massive ecosystem
of agencies that help you deploy Clay,
right?
>> Um, now for us, we don't need a $100,000
agency that's to help us. We just don't
have the bandwidth to do it. But that
might be a huge advantage over Artisan.
Like they're not direct competitors and
everything, but like I don't think
Artisan has that network, right? Once in
a while your own team can do this with
engineering but everybody almost
everyone needs help and so you got to
decide is this the type of help can this
vendor provide you the type of help you
need and I would almost pick that vendor
the one that you have the most
confidence you can onboard on not the
smooth smoothest deck or sales process
or best demo just talk what's the
onboarding process like how does it
match to how you work in your data and
if it doesn't feel right pull the rip
cord and bail and pick somebody else
>> or isn't qualified momentum um
attention. They've all been the gamma
now has all been the same way for us and
that they we're not unique and that
they're like, "Oh, it's faster. We have
to help them get set up." They're like,
"No, we just for everyone like we want
our AI to be successful. We want it to
work. See who you trust and go with
that." if you're going with a out of the
box solution.
>> The other thing I'll say, I want to stay
on track, but good god, if you're in
this space, the other thing we've
learned is you can't have a crappy sales
team.
>> Because we need the help. And I can tell
you there's at least two leading vendors
that we said no to, not because the
software is not good enough, but because
the sales team fought us. They didn't
know the product. Now, this is always
true in the old days, but when you're
talking about an app with training and
deployment, a new category, and the rep
fights you,
no, like you, I want to know how I'm
going to get this deployed. And so, just
if this is you, listen to the sales
calls, get momentum or attention hooked
up, be relentless, and just get rid of
anybody that is not an asset to your
prospects because they will just leave
for AI. They'll just leave if they
answer can't help you, can't answer the
questions wrong, or fight with you.
>> Okay, let's move on. So that's for
outbound. Let's talk a bit about
inbound. I'll preface this too. A lot of
folks we chat to say support and sales
are their top two use cases for agents.
I think the data is out now on
Salesforce agent forces. That's their
top two use cases too across all their
agents um that they've deployed on agent
forces for sales or for support. So
these are common use cases, right? Like
that's not unique to Sask. I think where
it became unique to SAS is because Jinx
and Stealthy is has now become a bit of
a co-pilot for folks. Like it's you can
try it sasterai.com. Use the co-pilot.
People use it for advice. Sometimes
people use it for one-off questions, but
when we looked at the data, most people
come back to it. So they'll actually ask
Jason's AI a question. Jason's AI will
respond. Like let's say, hey, I'm
thinking about hiring this candidate for
a VP of sales. Here's like my highle
overview of them. What do you think?
Jason's AI will say, "Hey, I think you
know, you should think about these XYZ
things." And then if the founder says to
them in the next instance of Deli, I
actually, you know, I'm thinking about
hiring that person that we talked about,
what should their comp plan be? It'll
come up with a comp plan with them. So
again, it's becoming more of a co-pilot,
which is kind of cool. And in that use
case, we really liked how folks use it
for
Saster advice, right? Saster style
advice. Jason doesn't have time to talk
to a thousand people a day, but his deli
does. But where I thought it kind of
struggled a little bit honestly was in
the sales and support side and the
inbound side. People would ask it going
up to SAS annual questions about the
annual questions about sponsoring. And
it did okay with the answers. Like it
was still better to get an answer in
real time than no answer, right? So it
was still pretty good. But now it's just
gotten a lot better that we use this mix
of having a dedicated, right? Even
though we have three on Artisan, like it
just works better to have a dedicated
agent working on outbound and now we
have a dedicated agent that works on
inbound. So again, it's just that the
level of output we've gotten to these is
just a lot better than what we
originally had on Deli being Jason's
mind and used for like a little bit of
everything. It also kind of led us to
these use cases, right? I just saw that
people were starting to struggle with
things like that and so that's where we
wanted to add those next tools and
agents to the mix.
We use qualified now they've been in the
Saster ecosystem I would say a long
time. I know they've been attending a
really long time. So we already knew of
them right when I was starting to look
for things that could do inbound for
Saster as an AI. this is top of mind
because I I also knew a lot of folks who
were already using it. So this was also
one of those things where I could just
back channel like what are people
already seeing with qualify and they
were all positive on it. So that led me
to chat with their team. But what it
does for us specifically which actually
is a little bit different. So you can
see it on our website if you're on
zaster.com you're going to mostly
interact with deli. If you're however on
one of our SAS events pages, so if
you're on SAS London, SAS annual, or
you're on one of the sponsorship pages,
media pages, basically anything that has
to do with actual SAS revenue, this is
where our qualified agent lives. This is
where you'll see the Ameilia AI. We
strategically said the Jason Deli is
Jason's AI. We named it after Jason so
folks know that they could ask it for
advice. We named this one the Amelia AI
so that folks knew that there was a
difference. It wasn't just like another
Jason AI. this is the one that you
specifically go to when you have a
question about attending disaster,
sponsoring disaster, and then what you
should do about those two things or
media, right? So, that's how it's
specifically trained. Um, and honestly,
it's something where even like we don't
have many sales folks here, but they
were a little skeptic on in when I first
deployed it because they're like, "Okay,
our prior process to qualified was you
would come to SAS annual or SAS in any
of our event sites and if you say we're
interested in a sponsorship, you would
fill out a form." After SAS annual in
May this year, I was like, "That feels
very antiquated. that feels not very
2025 where our conference is now all AI.
We're going all in on AI. It feels very
outdated to have a page where you fill
out a form and that's the way to get a
hold of SAS. So that was like a kick in
the butt for me specifically too to get
away from that kind of old model of how
we were doing things. So now our
qualified does actually a lot of
different things but part of what it
does it it the form is on the website
but you won't actually ever complete it
now like it's literally there as like a
rapper and if you start to say the
moment you start typing in your first
name this qualified agent the Amelia AI
will pop up and say hey I saw you're
interested in you know sponsoring faster
just shoot me your email and then I'll
automatically on the back end I'll round
robin it to a sales rep here and it'll
show the meeting booker instantly.
Again, I know there's a lot of other
things that do that. The magic though of
qualified that we've seen is that it
does have all of our data. It does
already have full integration with
Marquetto, full integration with
Salesforce. It is so nice that it knows
this. So, like when they're coming to
the site, and people will come multiple
times usually to our website. It knows
how many times they've been to the
website. It knows if they've been to SAS
annual. It knows if they sponsored SAS
annual. literally say open the SAS
renewed letter from Tuesday. It knows
all of this because our salesforce in
Marquetto knows all of this. So that is
actually they call it Piper get
qualified. That's the magic of using a
Piper agent. Ours is called Ameilia
is that it knows everything. So in that
context for inbound, I actually like
that it knows everything because these
are folks that are obviously warmer
leads, right? They're coming to the
website. They're coming multiple times.
They're on specific pages to either buy
something or get involved in after. For
all intents and purposes, they're high
intent visitors. So, in this scenario, I
do want it to know as much data as
humanly possible. And so, in that
reason, it's very nice that Qualify does
that on the back end. So, that's what it
does.
>> So, it's um and it's it's ingesting our
Salesforce and Marquetto data like
daily.
I set it to weekly because I'm like, you
know,
>> daily is a lot.
>> Like weekly is enough.
>> Okay. So, every every week it's doing
some sort of diff analysis and importing
everything that's new from Salesforce or
Marquetto.
>> Correct. Yeah.
>> Okay. And that's automated.
>> That's automate. Yeah. And that's
automated. It also will crawl all of our
websites once a week, too. So like
sasser.com, it will readjust once a
week. So if you write something up about
like you wrote like you did vibe coding
last week on workshop Wednesday it
already saw that it adjusted it and
knows how to reference it. This one will
show up like next week right s annual
it'll rec crawl it once a week. So like
you know when we add speakers or when we
add them to London or make updates to
London pages I don't have to worry about
pushing it to that and it'll just do
that automatically.
>> Yeah.
>> So yes that is where we've used it. Part
of it was like, okay, I want to, you
know, bring our inbound into the
whatever century this is into 2020 bot.
And so that was part of like, okay,
let's replace the form with something
that is a lot more intelligent than just
a static form. The other thing we've
started doing is because it can do the
meetings bookings, it's obviously going
to have a better response rate on
meetings than we used to have manually,
right? So if you filled out the form,
previously we would then I would route
Rob in it manually. Then I would send it
to R. The rep would reach out and then
you know they'd have to go back and
forth on picking a time booking a
meeting. Now it just books the meeting.
So literally Dave and our team will wake
up and he'll be like, "Yeah, I got like
three new meetings from qualified." I'm
like, "That's great.
That's what we want." I didn't have to
touch it, but I do have all that data,
right? I can see the conversations they
had that led them to sponsoring. I could
see who they were. I can also like I'll
go through with David kind of daily and
say okay like hey who did you get from a
qualify meaning like let's see what they
said on the website website and then you
can also see like what their company is
doing. So you can see if their company
is on the website a lot right maybe
they're taking it more seriously. Um you
can see what pages they were on. So
again it just gives you like extra like
buyer intelligence context for how they
came inbound versus again static form
you're just kind of getting their name
and email. You're not getting the
context around it. That piece has been
really nice for us. The other thing
we've started it on there's like and
then there's one like somewhat
future use case which is literally in
the next couple weeks is
I started to train after we nailed the
sponsorship piece which was the first
piece we wanted to solve. I started to
train it on direct ticket sales. So much
like our origin, this is a little bit
different because this is inbound versus
outbound. It can again it can see when
people are on like the Saster London
site. you can see if they've been a
couple times. Now, it will preempt them
and say, "Hey, are you thinking about
attending your Okay, great. Here's the
discount code to attend." And then if
they don't use it, the next time they're
on the site, it'll remind them of the
discount code. So, this is a new thing.
We've we literally adjusted that at the
end of August. Worked really well. So,
we're going to keep doing that. And then
we, as you can see here, we started a
prompt for like, "Do you want to inquire
about group tickets?" My concern on that
honestly was that if I turned that on,
we were going to get too many spammers
that were like, "Hey, your chat already
gave me a promo code." And actually, I
just didn't like it. So, like, I'm
inquiring about group tickets. But
really, I've actually gotten the
opposite. I've actually gotten highly
qualified. I've gotten highly qualified
leads, companies that actually need
group tickets. So, because how when you
buy tickets on zaster.com is usually
good for a group of like one to four,
it's kind of tedious actually past four
people cuz you have to put in all their
info.
You have to like do different things.
It's just easier to do it with an actual
person. So, this has actually led to
actual sales of of group tickets, which
has been nice cuz I actually thought it
was going to be abused, but it's been
used properly.
that that was like the next we literally
just rolled that out in the last two
weeks. So that was like the next use
case we've done on it. So now we're
actually already up to like two slash
three use cases of it. The other thing
it does is it does really good support.
So if you ask it like people have asked
the London one a lot for like the hotel
block. Again it's like kind of buried on
the website. So that's a common thing
it'll answer now like hey I forgot where
the venue is. Also is there a hotel
block? It'll just answer that for them.
You got to remember too like London time
difference to California where Sasser is
is pretty staggering. So like I can't
answer these questions in the middle of
the night and if they come to the
website and they can't find it, it's
much easier to just interact with the
Amelia AI ask it all the questions. The
future use case which is we're going to
do before London and this is the goal
with being a qualified is to turn this
into even more of a co-pilot so that
folks can ask it like hey if you come to
the website again it's going to know if
you're already registered or not. So,
let's say you're attending, you come to
the website in November, you haven't
booked any networking meetings yet. Our
a million AI will be able to tell you
like, "Hey, you haven't booked any
meetings yet. You should here's all the
info on the staff for who do you want to
meet program for London. You should
start networking." Or, "Hey, I saw you
haven't booked any sessions yet. Here
are some ones we recommend you should
book and go to on Tuesday, December
2nd." So, that is it's next to date. I'm
also adding like Jason Stealthy already
has um voice so you can literally talk
to it which a lot of people do. They
call it so we're adding like voice and
video to this agent as well. Again this
this was adopted a lot later than deli
so it's doing a little bit of catchup in
that area but I would say in the use
cases we print it on has been successful
out the gate. And then yeah, I would say
too like you can see here like some of
our much like artisan like our
performant I think they're fine with me
sharing our performance metrics is like
higher than average. So like the black
lines on each of these for like
engagements and meetings for SAS has
been higher than average
but still really again their averages
are still fairly high. Ours just happens
to be above average. Again I think
that's part to do with like the brand
that Sester has and how people are
coming to our website.
versus like a more common product
website.
>> I think sounds like listen a lot of
these behind the scenes these apps are a
lot of mashups of other APIs, right?
They're API other services that can
figure out who's on your website and
figure out all these things. But the
what's I think one of the things and
others can do this but that works for us
for qualified is we have so much data
about so many people over a decade,
right? That we have so many returners.
>> Yeah. so many of the folks that come
back to us. And so that's why we do so
well. But you might think if you're a
newer startup, oh, I don't have folks
that are returning. Of course you do.
>> Everyone's the newer you are, the more
folks are in discovery. How many times
do I have to come back to your website
to do diligence, to think about it, to
when a sales rep tells me something.
When I hear a referral, they're all
coming back multiple times. As Millia
said, she we're shocked how many times
now that we track it more carefully. We
could have done it before. How many
times people come back, right? So you
should leverage this all the data, all
the interactions, everything you have
>> to get them right to personalize the
experience and get them
>> there. One thing before we move, so I'll
show you guys the back end of qualified
for a second.
>> All right. So somebody asked,
if you have a more enterprise ASP, can
you still use a tool like Qualified
versus having the customer directly
connect with a rep? You can do both.
I've literally done both on qualified.
Like one, our ASP for tickets, yes, is a
couple hundred bucks for London,
slightly more for South Eual, but our
ASP for sponsorships is probably 85K.
So, I don't know if you consider that
enterprise, but I would say that's more
of an enterprise ASP.
The nice thing about it is you can at
any time, they call it pounds. You can
start talking. I don't know who this is,
so I'm not going to talk to them.
At any point if you see that they're
typing, which it'll show you like what
they're typing in real time. It'll like
literally showing me what page that
they're on right now on safer.com. You
can say, "Hey, it's like you can hit
this and start talking to this person."
So for us, it's not an either or. Like I
actually find it very addicting to have
this just this is literally I have
qualified always on as one of my tabs
and I'm continuously seeing what it's
doing, where people are going, and it'll
alert you. It's got like a Slack
integration, so it'll alert you. Like
you can set it for certain signals, but
it'll alert you how you want. So if you
want to jump in and have an actual rep
start a conversation with them, you can.
It's meant to be fully automated. Most
of the time people get our fully
automated experience, but there have
been instances where I see folks are
maybe have a more nuance question
related to sponsorships with the higher
ASP and I jump in and I start talking to
them and then you know I I get it to
show the meeting booker etc.
You can do both.
>> Uh before we run out of time I have
anything else you want to hit on deli
Jason? We've hit it a bunch, but
>> no, the only thing I would listen, if
you want to try our general chat, just
go to saster.com and just click on the
chat on the bottom right if you haven't.
A lot of you have 139,000 conversations.
It's really good. Ju just just the one
reminder from it. This is the first one
we started. And what there there are
other tools that do this that create
digital clones, but what it does is it
mostly automates ingestion. So it
automates you can automate it'll crawl
our website, it'll automate the RSS feed
from our blogs. It ingests all my
tweets. It ingests every YouTube video
we've ever done. Think about SAS. That's
a lot of content. So out of the box, it
was really good. The quick thing we
learned is then to quickly upload some
very specific documents. So this is the
only tool we had and like well let's
upload the the sponsor perspectuses for
for our sponsors. It became magical
because all of a sudden it could answer
those questions. It would get some stuff
wrong. So you have to read it each day.
But it would get pretty good. So we'd
have to review it daily. the the
metalarning is listen to get the results
that we've seen from the SDR and the BDR
you have to put in a lot of effort but
even just some general tools man this is
so much better than get back to you in a
day it's so much better so if you want
to start we started first with or you
could use qualified as a general tool
like it's not a perfect support tool but
it could like these tools all can do
more than you think so pick a platform
and just keep investing in it it's so
much better to get back to someone with
a 90% perfect answer in real time than
any brutal other process. There's just
no excuse. So my point is listen, we we
started with one and now we have 20,
right? An 11 core one. So this general
platform was not enough. But man, just
having a versatile platform versus
nothing is so much better. It's just so
much better. There's no excuse to not
have a super well-trained AI talk to
your prospects or customers in real time
if that's the way they want to talk
without a human. There's just no. So if
nothing else, pick a general tool and
run with it is the metalarning.
>> All right, two more if we have time and
then Jason can chat about quickly some
other ones we live coded ourselves.
Sales collateral. I'll touch on this one
real quick. Again, I don't I should
remember how you found Gamma Jensen, but
>> I just knew I just tried it in this one
and it was great, but then I said to me
like, can we customize this so that
every single sponsor prospect gets
customized collateral? cuz it was
driving me nuts at how crappy like our
decks were pretty good but they were so
uncustomized I wanted to cry.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's Yeah. So we use it that
is our primary use case. So like to
Jason's point we have right now this
perspectives on our website which you
can download. You can talk to our AI and
get it and see it. And it's like a 100
pages. I don't know. It's crazy long
because it has everything. So it's
fairly long and like hard to digest. So
where we started to use a gamma was okay
if I wanted to talk to somebody who is a
prospective customer and I didn't want
to send them this 100page deck. I wanted
to send them something more custom. I
now just load it into gamma. I tell it
which slides I want to keep from our
long perspectives deck and I tell it
what the company is. I tell it other
points and it'll automatically spit out
a a more customized deck for them. I
send it to them. it's a lot easier for
them to not only use and reference, but
it'll get passed around, right?
Especially if you host it on Gamma,
it'll give you like an alert of anytime
somebody reads it or sees it. These will
get passed around because we've
literally made it for them specifically.
So, if it's the BP of marketing we're
talking to and they need to run it up to
the CMO or the CEO, send them a either
pre or post sale highly customized
stack, they can share it around. Like a
lot of the times we do these decks now
and send to folks, they the number one
response I surprisingly get is like,
"Oh, I was going to have to actually do
that myself so I could show the rest of
my team or I could show it to our
decision maker or a buyer or actually
legal need something for like
procurement." So a lot of times it will
actually not only does it look a lot
better, it feels a lot better, it's more
customized to them, it will save your
buyer a step. And so obviously we think
about those implications. You want to
make your buying process as easy as
possible. And so now we like live and
breathe by doing these decks. Again,
probably takes like 10 or so minutes to
make one just depending on how
customized you want to get with it. And
then it'll spit it out instantly. The
other thing I've done is I've used it
for like our internal docs or docs I
share with like certain VIP groups at
Aster. So like past sponsors, past
attendees. If I want to make something,
you know, we don't have a full-time
in-house designer. I just do it now on
Gamma. I uploaded our brand guidelines.
I said, "Here's our guidelines. Here's
our colors. Here's our logo. Give me
something that I can just, you know, use
in 60 seconds to pass around cuz I
already have all the content I need for
this." So, that's where it's been again
highly well received when we send these
because it saves folks and also just
super easy to use. Like it is as easy as
Canva to use in Gamma.
Um, last ones we've added, I bring them
all to my attention because they're good
partners of Chasters, but they help us
do automation and we use Salesforce. So,
specifically in Salesforce, it will
analyze all of our sales calls
automatically. So, now I just get a
Slack. There's some set up there, right?
It's not just going to be like, okay,
David had a call with XYZ company.
Here's the summary of the call. It does
do that, but we've also tuned it on
there are certain things I want it to
say. So, I I always wanted to do next
steps, which you'll see in the
screenshot. I always wanted to do were
there any objections. What help does
either the person or does David need to
get the deal to the next step? It will
automatically attach the contacts to an
opportunity. So, we're really bad at
doing this. Your sales team is probably
bad at doing this, too, right? Like, we
put a lot of accounts in Salesforce.
Sometimes we forget to put the actual
individual contacts. it will just create
the contacts for you when you have the
call then you go back into the
salesforce it's already there you don't
have to do anything for us we've always
we've also set it so that it will change
our stage so if this is a first step
call which is like a for us it's like a
0.5 step in Salesforce it will move them
to step one like meeting held anytime
the meeting has been held and then it's
over so for us it's just nice because I
have spent the last I don't know how
many years pulling my teeth trying to
get our sales reps to put things into
Salesforce. So now instead of pestering
them all day to do it and they are just
doesn't. So they do again they do hook
it up to Salesforce. It does give me
reports on like how much activity
they've had in the week, how many calls
action items, red steps. It also has
some like both of them have really good
AI where you can automate like the next
steps if you wanted to with the AI. But
again, there's a lot it does here. Even
though maybe it seems simple to you
guys, there's a lot it does behind the
scenes similar to like a qualified where
it knows these accounts, right? It's
hooked up to your Salesforce data. It
knows who how the call went. It
automatically push all the notes, right?
Like we didn't have any call notes in
our Salesforce prior to this. Like we
just had like loose information. Like if
there was a close one deal, it was in
Salesforce. Otherwise, it was pretty
much not in there, which means it did
not exist.
Part of this too is like the I guess
just other learning on it of doing a red
pop stool is the forever starting from
when we implemented this now we have
great Salesforce data right we have
healthy data on all these accounts so
when it talks to when qualified sees
that they're on the website or artisan
sees that we're outbounding them it can
reference this right because it's all
pushing to Salesforce
Okay, we only have a few minutes left,
but if you want to go through Do you
want to go through like the B confirms?
>> Yeah, I'll go. We can go a little a
little bit over even if we lose people.
It's a new world. But um any there's a
lot more that we do, but we just wanted
to give you the core GTM flow that we
spend the most time in, which is what
you just saw, the eight SDR, BDR,
generic AI,
and RevOps. Um but there's a lot more
and um it's a bigger topic. Certainly,
we've written about it and tweeted about
it, but we we have built a bunch of
stuff ourselves in Replet. Um you could
build it in other tools as well. I just
I mainly picked replet in the beginning
cuz it was an end toend solution but
ultimately all the leaders in vibe
coding basically use cloud code and are
more similar than they're different but
where there was nothing to buy we built
and there's a bunch that are cool this
one is niche but some niche apps are can
be pretty powerful so for example this
is specific to us but it is interesting
we get thousands of speaker submissions
a year okay and if we get a handwritten
email from Larry Ellison
saying they blew up the quarter on AI
like to speak. It's faster. We'll just
we'll get that one. We'll see that one
most likely. But we get thousands and
there's gems and it's too many to
process. It's way too many to process.
And so what we did until
uh through last year was we hired an
agency. They worked with three years. We
paid them about $15,000 a month or more.
And part of their job was to review all
these inbounds. And it was okay for a
while, but they got tired of doing it.
And the volume was really high. and they
might have heard of HubSpot or
Salesforce but they might not have heard
of cool tools like Gamma or Replet or
others and so they'd miss things and it
was a lot of volume and then they would
hold things and people wouldn't know if
they were accepted and they get grouchy
because they it would take months to
hear back from the agency and so when
the agency didn't want to do this
anymore um after a while I just
vibecoded a speaker application and it's
pretty damn cool you could don't do too
many but you can try it on
sasterlondon.com do a speaker
application yourself, put in it, and
it's pretty good. It uses all the
criteria that we want, and then it
instantly grades you on the website.
Here's one from 857 this morning, 54 out
of 100. It tells you what your score is.
It tells you why you might or might not
be a good fit. It tries not to be
triggering, and it sends us an email and
a Slack notification of who they are and
why, and it gives us actually much more
brutal feedback on their pitch than it
does to the candidate. But man, now
everybody knows this is so much better
and saves us so much time. And this did
take iterations. This was not a
15-minute project. It probably only took
me 3 or 4 hours to build this, but it
was over multiple days. So, like it has
to be like at least a P2 priority to
build it yourself and then maintain it.
But pretty damn cool to have an agent
reviewing thousands of speaker
submissions and content submissions
rather than spending hundreds of
thousand dollars a year and getting much
lower output from humans that don't want
to do this. They just don't want to do
this work anymore. So I built an agent.
So that one's pretty cool. You can try
it and you can that's kind of epic.
That's an internal mostly internal case
but you can try it and do a submission.
The next one what's the next one we got
Ameilia?
And just a few others you can try that
we built ourselves. And again at the
bottom, buy where you can, don't build.
We can do a follow-up session on this. I
know some of you have followed it. We
built this whole speaker review. We do
content review with AI agent. We built a
startup valuation calculator. You could
try it on saster.ai. We've had 230,000
valuation calculations where you can
value a startup. We then once we did the
speaker review of the 2000 submissions,
I'm like, let's use a version of that to
help founders review their pitch decks
to VCs. I launched that this week. We've
already had, I think, 450 bonafide VC
decks go through the system. It gives
you deep feedback and scores based on
4,000 recent VC rounds and 800 VCs that
have come to SAS. It's pretty cool.
We had our Saster AI London website
built in Squarespace for years, but it
was driving me nuts. couldn't do what I
want to do with it this year. So, I
rebuilt it from scratch in replet.
That's pretty cool. And then we built a
whole new version of our Saster website,
which you can try in SAS, which has so
much stuff. And all this stuff is cool.
It's interesting when I look at the
order I made this and they went I went
from necessary to nice to have. So,
probably anything below this line, I
would not vibe. I would buy it. There's
no way you're going to build an artisan,
a Salesforce, a gamma. You could build a
little bits of it. I mean, there's just
no way. There's too many manh hours. But
if you have nothing,
the beauty is you can vibe your own
agent now. Just be patient. We've done a
lot on it. So, quick look on other
things. We can we can we've done a bunch
on this. Maybe we'll do another in a
couple weeks on what we've really
learned vibing. Um you can try them all
here. But it but you really can do it.
Just stay small. Keep it simple and and
buy if you